Create mod-tele-new-players.md (#34)
azerothcore/catalogue: _submissions/module/mod-tele-new-players.md

# Module Info

- Name: TeleNewPlayers
- Author: Skxawng-cu

> - Module TeleNewPlayers:

Reviewer: Is it normal here?

  + Repository: https://github.com/skxawng-cu/mod-tele-new-players
  + Download: https://github.com/skxawng-cu/mod-tele-new-players/archive/master.zip
- License: AGPL

# Module integration

- AzerothCore hash/commit compliance: 90ed254
- Includes configuration (.conf)?: Yes, copied by CMake
- Includes SQL patches?: No
- Core hooks used:
    + PlayerScript: OnLogin, OnFirstLogin

# Description

> This module allows you to config coords for alliance and horde to teleport the new players after the first login (Ideal for PvP servers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module teleports new characters on first login to a location defined in the configuration file (ideal for PvP servers).
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. My english is not very good.

> You cal also enable option to clean the player inventory on first login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable an option to clean the player's inventory on first login.
```
